if you're not a feminist then
you're literally thinking
unconstitutionally Let's see, they've
told me that I have to watch this video
by Cristina Seguí
eh she says Marina River turned into
Carmencita
Franco
How I could barely sleep a wink
tonight freaking out with what artificial intelligence can do How how How they
colorize
images find malw translate them into
other languages ​​you enter four words and they
create an amazing thumbnail for
your videos and the most amazing thing is you can
sit down with Carmen Franco on the
recording set of é with an oversized leather jacket
declaring the
organic and general principles of the
[Music]
movement I could barely sleep a wink
tonight freaking out with what
artificial intelligence can do I mean it has
uses that you wouldn't imagine in life they
create photographic software autonomous cars this
artificial intelligence thing is getting out of
hand eh I mean Javi shave your goatee
to highlight your flanders side more You
've got me a little fed up with
the bullying eh I'm going to start
reporting you I'll
warn you videos predict our tastes
color  images find malw
translate into other languages ​​you enter four
words and they create an
amazing thumbnail for your videos and the most powerful thing is you
can sit down with Carmen Franco on the
recording set of El with an
oversized leather jacket declaring the
organic and general principles the
movement is so personal each one
feels feminism it's a video by Marina
yesterday that everyone is criticizing
eh I was going to watch it I think I had it
on some newscast but it didn't
fit me so well we're going to see it here
in Cristina's video each one feels
feminism and accompanies it in a
different way same and accompanies it in a
different way we are all feminists
by law Because we all have to seek
equality in the Art we are all
feminists by law eh watch this eh What does miluar
say
Ah I had it Ah posted to see it
Of course well I'm going to here in the video
of Rome he hit it right article 14 of the
Spanish Constitution so it's
funny to me when people say that they are not
feminist if you're not a feminist then
you're literally thinking
unconstitutionally how is that of
thinking unconstitutionally use the
same  because we are all equal
before the law and that is what we should
seek both legally and socially
obviously legally We are equal
because that is how the legislation has to be on
top of that I study law So it is
something that I touch but it is true that
socially not in the end eh I have suffered
a lot and like all women we have
suffered a lot Especially me on social networks
misogyny and How have they done this
[ __ ] or as if everything I have
achieved I have achieved for being
pretty or having a normative body let's
see With all due respect in the
world you say it better Anne you
take the brown out of my alos
go maybe I'll give you a hug let's
see with all due respect the world
eh part of yesterday's success no Marina
yesterday Marina River no let's see I'm going to
put it this way alanne you want to
say it you send me an audio and get me out
of the jam let's see I'm going to put it
another way without belittling the work I
do okay From what I understand
this girl, apart from the fact that she is
studying two degrees eh she works hard
and all that stuff without belittling that
okay But you can work hard and you
can have  many careers and not getting to
where you are a
big part of why she got to
where she is is because she's a
cutie Javi Don't say anything Leave this
for a woman to say no but let's see It's that I
think it's no secret no I
mean you guys think that if the girl
were really ugly she wouldn't be here she wouldn't be here she wouldn't
be here Hey she would work the same and
have her two careers but
no no come on all the viral stuff I've
seen of her is people saying
how pretty she is she's not that pretty Well
at least I don't know I haven't
seen her in person she's really cute the
girl is
really cute girl She's
gorgeous but [ __ ] it's not like that but
come on like her a lot of
famous people and famous people there aren't a lot of
famous people that if they were ugly they
wouldn't be famous either and they wouldn't take them for the
roles they take them and they wouldn't take them
as models and for the shows they
take them on and and a lot of influencers that if they
were ugly they wouldn't be either I mean but that's
how it is imagine if Juan de Dios
Pantoja were horribly horribly ugly it's that way
dude  mative
little is said about what we handsome people suffer
or they have to tell me no let's
see what's going on yeah better than
me let's see I'm going to say it because it's a
reality a man says it's that you are
super sexist you are super misogynistic and it's
not that it's a reality I do not doubt
that this girl can be intelligent me
from the times that I've heard her speak
Sometimes I doubt it But well I do not doubt
that she has her studies and and so on
that sincerely worries me that a
person with these thoughts
can later practice as a lawyer But well
this is a separate chapter
eh it's obvious very obvious that if this girl did
not have a nice body and a
pretty face she would not be doing this right now
This video for him for the for the
publication of him and it is like that I mean
eh you can paint it in whatever colors
you want you can say that we live in a
sexist society but it is like that and that does not
mean that you behind the scenes can be a
great worker I am not going to
take away your merits but right now you
are where you are for having a
nice body a pretty face and having known how to
lick the  suitable asses Let's be clear it
's a fact I'm sorry
well about the l menu the suitable asses I don't
know the truth is that I don't know let's see,
whenever I've seen something viral of hers it's
been like people
[Music]
and then she uploads a bunch of photos in
lingerie in I don't know what And it's like [ __ ] and
all the photos that I've seen viral
of hers that I know are recommended to you on
Twitter because they have thousands and thousands of
retweets are sexy photographs, I mean eh I
already the issue of sucking ass or not I do
n't know the truth I didn't know who she hangs out with
or I don't know okay I don't know if it has a
lot to do with it or not but I think that the physique is
a huge, huge percentage of
where she is s it's useless what I
'm studying if I only dedicate myself to
showing my body on social networks
suffering that Day after day it obviously makes me want to
fight and vindicate myself and
raise my voice to say Hey I want to
be somewhere in a club and no
one has to touch me, that I don't have to
feel harassed, that no man
deigns to ask me for a kiss  shamelessly
while they are recording me or without
recording me and then consider me the
same as men for what I do
What a great thinker you can see the
intellectual background that she has achieved I even
believe she is capable of putting the square figure
in the circle that it seems that it is
very difficult to understand that a woman who is
normatively as if within the
normative stereotypes already has to be
stupid, she cannot be intelligent and you cannot
have two degrees and you cannot
get a Master's degree and you cannot be a
lawyer or you cannot be a biologist you
cannot but let's see one thing that I am
missing a detail that I think
Cristina is missing also in
the video she is
calling or rather she is saying that
she is within the
normative physiques she is saying that she
has a
normative physique We agree on that
because I had another idea of ​​the
normative bodies no I mean a normative body
is more well someone who does not have to not
have a
bad body or be bad but rather because they
do not take care of themselves enough or rather whatever comes out
naturally Hey, well if I have a little
belly Well I have a little I would be a
normative body man Look who just gave us a
kiss handsome what a time Damn We didn't
agree with
Quesada a kiss handsome Thank you very much for
that
Ray I already lost the thread of your video Well, he
's telling you that you are a feminist
by law because the law says that we are all
equal and that the law is the same for
everyone but of course
uh of course a natural body neither fat nor
skinny can't be skinny it can be a
little fat it can be I mean a normative body is
something no no normative body is what is
considered a standard of beauty that is a
normative body I mean if right now I
suddenly put on my abs with
my chest with my little arms like this my
nice shoulders those normative ones I mean I've
always had in mind that normative
was well Hey yes I have a little bit of a
person the normal bodies of people
who that are not dedicated to their body like
Hey well look, well I have a little bit
of cellulite Well I have a little bit of
ass I don't know you know Hey look at what a
gift you've done with that Ray
Welcome everyone  those who came from
Quesada a kiss Congratulations
Congratulations No thanks Sorry Congratulations
to me Congratulations to me
thank you Quesada King can
all of you who are coming
from Quesada follow me here we discuss all the
gossip of the
day what you say is non-normative body
Ah then normative bodies would be the ones that
are fine
Ah and why not it's that of course these
little words are not worth okay okay okay okay
clear the word is similar
to normal and then I understood like
Clear of course and why is it said
normative body I mean what's the point of
calling it normative body because this
body costs work or rather this physical body you
have to work Elo all
day
Ah normative of normal not of
normal look eh look okay okay okay okay well
physics and yes there are women
physicists feminist biologists by law
a whole jurist let's see we are idiots I
mean human resources in science and
technology graduates in science and technology
human resources in science and
technology doctors
PhD students in science and technology according to
the INE most of them are women What  you say I've
learned a lot in this interview
basically feminism is
anything because everyone feels it in their own
way but you have to be
feminists by law because feminism
seeks equality and also you can't
think outside the Constitution it's
great she records four tiktok a day
showing the I mean I mean it's that I
'm not criticizing her for doing it eh it's that
eh Let's
see that this was put to me once
in a lawsuit eh andreo Thank you very much
that I said that a girl when she had
power in live it was because she uploaded
this type of photography and it's like let's see
eh but this is how it is no I mean
let's see what she does that I'm not
saying that she can't do it or that it's
something bad or that it goes against any
norm or against any Or against
any law but that it is it's
not I mean this is it and that the girl has
gone viral because of this is if this girl doesn't
have a good figure and a pretty face she wo
n't succeed Hey maybe with some
content eh what do I tell you eh that I don't know
the careers she's studying I don't know
what they're about But well for example the  the
other day I was recommending a channel that
was la imper actina and she makes some
really good videos about her profession no
eh okay Well maybe she would have
succeeded with that too but the thing is that but the thing is that
let's see it's that this
girl has so many followers and they
follow her so much because because she's so
cute her tits and then she complains
that the four p tell her stories
anyway the hypotenuse seems no no no she
eh I met her on Twitter
because people make her photos viral no
eh And of and they put it like with a click
that she said something like that it was a click it was
a titto that I don't know if it was from some
other magazine too or whatever but
she said something like no it's that of course they
only see us for our physique I don't know
what I don't know how much and now of course now you
upload it's that you can do it I mean
let's see if one day I get the
physique that I would like to have well I'm
going to become more conceited And you're going to see
photos of me well well I don't know Well maybe
in a swimsuit of course yes it's
logical it's  logical obviously if you
have it to show off you have to show it off
when I didn't see Luci just now Javi
first became famous on tiktok because she
made a lot of videos with her ex who was a
very famous trans guy
Ah well I don't know that story she
uploads pure body photos but she
wants it but she doesn't want to be
objectified but yes let's see if
you are uploading photographs
to please
people I mean you are uploading
photographs to please people that's how it is
but there is nothing
wrong with it or there is any problem I mean it
is not criticizable It's that there are many people
who seem to be bothered by that eh
that you say no no it's that you when you
have visibility is when you do this
well V but it's that way but come on
you and almost all the girls not all the
pretty ones it's the reality no I mean all the
girls who are That have a good
body and are pretty and all that stuff
when they have more visibility and more
retweets and more like damn Well when
when they upload a more striking photo than
less striking that is not No insult
and
nothing for  the style
but then they're going to sexualize you Javi and at
your age it doesn't look good anymore, I don't care,
many of you already sexualize me
too, eh Many times